We've now got our products listing put together which is great.
This really is the central page of our entire administration panel.
Let me tell you why right now whenever a user creates a product signs up signs in and in the future
edits the product as well.
We're going to want to make sure that we redirect them automatically to the product Index.
Right now we instead just showed them some text message whenever they sign up sign in or create a product
showing a user just some simple text like say submitted is not very helpful to a user because it doesn't
really tell them what else they can do in our application.
So right now a user would have to click on the back button after signing up signing in or creating a
product not a good experience.
So in order to get a user over to our product index after they do these different actions we're going
to make sure that we redirect their browser.
Let me show you how we do that.
Back inside of our admin product Scott J.S. file I'll find our poster.
Quest handler for creating a new product and then right here instead of sending back the plain text
of submitted I'm going to instead say red dot redirect slash admin slash products.
It's now whenever a user makes a post request to this end point rather than sending back that plain
text.
We're going to send back a message to their browser that says hey you just successfully created a product.
Now automatically it change or your l and go over to this new route of admin slash products.
The browser is then going to initiate a new request a get request in this case to go and fetch that
new endpoint or that new route.
So this should cause the user to see the product listing page after they create a new product successfully
let's save this and do a quick test so going to go back to admin products slash new I'll enter in some
quick title and price and an image and I when I create that product I get redirected back to the products
index much better.
Let's do that same process of doing a redirect like that on our logon page and these sign up page as
well.
So I'll find routes admin off dot J.S. I'll go down to our poster request handler for dealing with a
successful sign up now rather than sending back the plain text of account created.
We'll do a red dot redirect of admin slash products or then go to sign in here's the post your handler
for sign in.
And once again instead of a resort send we'll do a resort redirect for admin slash products let's do
a quick test of sign in and sign up.
Just make sure everything works correctly.
So very quickly I'm going to go to slash sign in an attempt to sign in with a valid account yep that
worked and I'll go to slash sign up I'll put in some email to matching passwords.
And there we go as well.
Okay.
So this definitely looks good.
Let's take a quick pause now we've got some better navigation continue in just a minute.